# inAudible
Among the ffmpeg library's versatile options is the ability to remove DRM
from .aa and .aax files. However, command line programs can be intimidating
and cryptic. inAudible eliminates the intimidation and also adds several
other features. Unfortunately, inAudible is currently only available on
torrenting sites. Torrenting is a way of distributing any kind of file but
it has a bad reputation due to being a popular method of pirating media and
software. This gives many people pause about obtaining inAudible even
though it is neither pirated nor illegal. Also, torrenting sites are
sometimes blocked by work, schools, public hotspots, and internet
providers. This can make it impossible to obtain inAudible.

This github repository makes available the inAudible install files and its
full source code.

The installed inAudible (version 1.97) was disassembled using dotPeek and
compilation errors were manually corrected. Nothing of substance was
changed.

## Installers

* [Windows installer][windowsInstaller]: This is the original installer which
was the origin of the source code in this github repository.
* [Mac installer][macInstaller]: This is NOT from the code here. It is the
version on torrenting sites. I make no claims about it but it does seem to
also be a UI wrapper around the ffmpeg library which does the heavy lifting.

## Licensing
This is a direct technical extract of inAudible as it exists on torrent
sites. I have taken zero effort to enforce anything about licensing. This
includes about inAudible itself or about the libraries it uses. If you
know of anywhere that this library violates someone's licensing or if a
license should be included, please let me know and I will attempt to
correct it.

  [windowsInstaller]: https://github.com/rmcrackan/inAudible/blob/master/_installers/inAudible197.zip
  [macInstaller]: https://github.com/rmcrackan/inAudible/blob/master/_installers/mac_inAudible009.zip
